Grade

--------------

| Grade    | System thinking   | Digital Fabrication  | Comments |
---------:| :----- |:----- |:----- 
***Fx***  |  ignoracy | ignoracy  |  minimum effert and level of cooperation required
***E*** |  Own space for the knowledge system. <br> Presentation of final outputs in Confluence. <br> Original in own organization, copy in SystemThinking-In-IT, <br> Bitbucket| Creating a 3D object with a FABLAB CVTI technology.Documentation on Bitbucket| Each student must have his or her own space for the knowledge system. <br> **Atlassian Confluence.** <br> Each student must create an BitBucket presentation of the output of their work. <br> This is at the level of previous years' work.
***D*** |Demonstrable record of knowledge during the creation of the resulting deliverables in Confluence following the 7Ds methodology using drawing tools (e.g. EA, Draw.io) | Mastery of the basics of at least two FABLAB CVTI technologies.Documentation on Bitbucket | The student must demonstrate ongoing systematic work throughout the semester by recording the various parts of the 7Ds methodology in their knowledge system. **Confluence, Bitbucket**
***C*** | Presentable model in some modeler with implemented 7Ds methodology, Enterprise Architect is recommended | Implementation of the "materialization" of an individual idea, project using several FABLAB CVTI technologies, including generative and parametric design.Documentation on Bitbucket | Modeler a jeho repozitár je miesto kde vznikajú originály. Repozitár má štruktúru podľa metodík 7ds a APV.Z repozitára sa vytvárajú podklady pre Confluence, prípadne iné kolaboračné platformy. Na tejto úrovni sa pracuje s obrázkami **Enterprise Architect, Confluence, Bitbucket**
*** B ***. | Demonstration of ability to work with the model and git workflow. | Implementation of the "materialization" of the idea, project using several FABLAB CVTI technologies, including generative and parametric design. In a team of min. 2 members and Documentation on Bitbucket in the form of detailed step-by-step instructions. | Decentralized versioning system enables PARALLEL Modeling, workflows that significantly accelerate the delivery of sw solutions, support the quality of delivered solutions, protect the work of all involved from stasis and damage. Recommended technology- **BitBucket, GITbash, SourceTree, TortoisGIT, SmartGIT** *The only technology for parallel modeling with GIT workflow support is Enterprise Architect and Lemontree*
***A*** | Presentable custom model with implemented AUV methodology.Demonstration of understanding of the concepts of Taxonomy, Ontology, Visual Management through concrete diagrams and demonstration of the model. **Recommended modeler Enterprise Architect** | Implementation of the "materialization" of the idea, the project using several FABLAB CVTI technologies, including generative and parametric design and also the use of machine learning (AI) in a team of at least 2 members.Documentation on Bitbucket in the form of detailed step-by-step instructions, understandable for some age groups. <br> **Age groups: 5-12, 10-15, 14-18, 18-60, 50-115** | Work at the level of models. The student must demonstrate the ability to distinguish what an image is, what a model is, what a taxonomy is, what an ontology is. How he/she has used this in his/her work. Just within the scope of the solution provided. This to create a digital twin of the student's solution. Visual Management is also part of it. **Enterprise Architect, Draw.io**